## About the blog

I see this as medium to share learning and experiences on a wider array of subjects that I find curious and and interesting. I hope to write on diverse topics. I am also hope to share my experience. The inspiration of this blog is Julia Evans. Also special shout out to S Anand and Kailash Nadh for providing a humble reminder that you are never to busy to write good original content.  

## About Me

I am software developer. I currently reside in Berlin, Germany. I like building products around data. I believe that solving hard problems require deep investigation, understanding and curiousity. I like to learn about a wide array of subjects and I hope to use this medium to share some of my learning and experience.

I started working on a non-profit initiative building India's first Open Budget Data Platform - [OpenBudgetsIndia](https://openbudgetsindia.org/) to bring budget/fiscal transparency across different tiers of governments in India. The platform was built by 1 pizza team full time. I got oppurtunity to work on building backened systems, frontend views, data pipelines, custom data visualizations and much more. In addition, In addition, we collaborated with governments to educate bureaucrats and bring in [legislation](https://x.com/OpenBudgetsIn/status/1097412664131813376) on improving data publishing in a transparent way. These efforts contributed to make [Assam to become the best state in terms of Budgetary practices](https://economictimes.indiatimes.com/news/economy/policy/assam-tops-in-budgetary-practices-followed-by-odisha-andhra-survey/articleshow/73737744.cms?from=mdr)

After this stint, I worked in Data Consultancy firm - [Gramener](https://gramener.com/). The good part about working in a consultancy firm is the pace and diversity of clientele you get exposed to. I got to work with multiple Fortune 100s, Non-profits Think Tanks and Governments on Covid Planning/Relief efforts and National Health Programmes and India's premier Space Organization. I also worked on a new product line which had an MRR of 10000$ in first three months of launch. Across different cliente, I got to build different kinds of data platforms and data products that helps clients in achieving different targets

I then moved to [Delivery Hero](https://www.deliveryhero.com/) building data infrastructure to process high volume data. I joined International Markets which is the strategy arm reporting to CXOs. Migrated complete data infrastructure from AWS/Redshift based stack to GCP/Bigquery based stack. In addition, build complete stack for Data Scientists to run Data Science pipelines in reliable, fast and robust way. Also supported multiple efforts in organisation wide topics such as improving CI/CD process for a monorepo from 25-30 minutes to 3-4 minutes. Made massive efforts in controlling and reducing costs by more than 70%. I got promoted and transitioned to a more foundational central team  - Coredata where I currently work as well. I focus efforts on fixing foundational problems that help us built core set of tables that more majority of reporting and models in the organization. 

